Region filter (#147)
GranthamImperial/silicone: CHANGELOG.rst

Fixed
~~~~~
- (`#144 <https://github.com/GranthamImperial/silicone/pull/144>`_) RMS closest no longer causes :class:`pd.core.common.SettingWithCopyWarning` to be raised

> - (`#147 <https://github.com/GranthamImperial/silicone/pull/147>`_) Filter prevents including data from the wrong regions in :class:`DecomposeCollectionTimeDepRatio`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (`#147 <https://github.com/GranthamImperial/silicone/pull/147>`_) Add filter to prevent including data from the wrong regions in :class:`DecomposeCollectionTimeDepRatio`.
```

??

Author: I will leave this short as I now have to fit in a description of whatever nonsense is going on with versions affecting a notebook file I didn't originally touch...
